ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/repository/ImageRepository.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.repository.ImageRepository
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/model/Role.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.model.Role
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/service/RecipeService.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.service.RecipeService
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/model/Recipe.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.model.Recipe
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/controller/ReviewController.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.controller.ReviewController
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/controller/RecipeController.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.controller.RecipeController
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/controller/MainController.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.controller.MainController
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/model/Image.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.model.Image
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/repository/UserRepository.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.repository.UserRepository
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/security/CustomUserDetails.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.security.CustomUserDetails
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/model/Review.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.model.Review
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/config/SecurityConfig.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.config.SecurityConfig
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/security/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.security.CustomUserDetailsService
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/service/UserService.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.service.UserService
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/repository/ReviewRepository.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.repository.ReviewRepository
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/repository/RecipeRepository.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.repository.RecipeRepository
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/service/ImageService.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.service.ImageService
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/Application.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.Application
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/service/ReviewService.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.service.ReviewService
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/model/User.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.model.User
ru/kpfu/itis/group907/fayzullin/controller/UserController.java
 ru.kpfu.itis.group907.fayzullin.controller.UserController
